Improve the descriptions of the sub sections (#5029)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn-the-platform/java-interoperability/java-interoperability-guide/java-interoperability.md

<img src="/learn/images/interoperability-diagram-new.png" alt="Ballerina bindings to Java code" width="300" height="450" style='width:auto !important'>

> The [Ballerina FFI](https://dev.ballerina.io/learn/java-interoperability/ballerina-ffi/) explains how to write the Ballerina bindings manually. Larning to write them manually helps you tounderstand the inner workings of calling Java from Ballerina. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Ballerina FFI](https://dev.ballerina.io/learn/java-interoperability/ballerina-ffi/) explains how to write the Ballerina bindings manually. Learning to write them manually helps you to understand the inner workings of calling Java from Ballerina. 
```
